The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
Pack my box with five dozen liquor jugs.
How razorback-jumping frogs can level six piqued gymnasts!
The five boxing wizards jump quickly.
Jinxed wizards pluck ivy from the big quilt.
Crazy Fredericka bought many very exquisite opal jewels.
Sixty zippers were quickly picked from the woven jute bag.
Breezily jangling sleigh bells ring.
A quizzical cat quickly gobbled up six plush kittens.
Grumpy wizards make toxic brew for the evil Queen and Jack.
Zigzagging zebras zig and zag.
Fuzzy wuzzy was a bear.
The big black bug bled black blood.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Unique New York.
Red leather, yellow leather.
Rubber baby buggy bumpers.
Betty Botter bought some butter.
Black background, brown background.
Sally sells sea shells down by the sea shore.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Whether the weather be fine, or whether the weather be not.
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream.
Irish wristwatch.
Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat.
You know you need unique New York.
I saw Susie sitting in a shoeshine shop.
She sees cheese.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk.
Six slippery snails, slid slowly seaward.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Freshly fried flying fish.
Eleven benevolent elephants.
Betty and Bob brought back blue balloons from the big bazaar.
The blue bluebird blinks.
Unique New York, you know you need unique New York.
A proper copper coffee pot.
Five fat friars frying flat fish.
Blue glue gun, green glue gun.
A box of biscuits, a box of mixed biscuits, and a biscuit mixer.
The big black bear babbled to the big black bug.
Red lorry, yellow lorry.
Purple paper people.
She stood on the balcony, inexplicably mimicking him hiccupping, and amicably welcoming him home.
The thirty-three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
The big bug bit the little beetle, but the little beetle bit the big bug back.
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards.
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
A black bug bleeds black blood, but a black bug that blinks bleeds black bug blood.
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
Six short slow shepherds.
Six sticky skeletons.
Santa's sleigh slides on slick snow.
Friendly fleas and fireflies.
The big black bug bit the big black bear, but the big black bear bit the big black bug back!
Betty bought a bit of butter but the butter was bitter, so Betty bought a bit of better butter to make the bitter butter better.
Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair, so Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't very fuzzy, was he?
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
Fresh fried fish, fish fresh fried, fried fish fresh, fish fried fresh.
Three free throws.
Luke Luck likes lakes. Luke's duck likes lakes. Luke Luck licks lakes.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
She saw Sherif's shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure those were Sherif's shoes she saw?
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
If two witches were watching two watches, which witch would watch which watch?
Swan swam over the sea. Swim, swan, swim! Swan swam back again. Well swum, swan!
Fuzzy ducklings frustrate Father's feigned fishing fervor.
Smelly shoes and socks shock sisters.
Fresh French fried fly fritters.
Swat the swirling wasps swiftly.
Franny fried fresh fish furiously.
Ed had edited it.
Fred fed Ted bread, and Ted fed Fred bread.
Ed needs Ned's red lead.
Feel free to feed the fish.
Ruby Rugby's brother bought and brought her back some rubber baby-buggy bumpers.
Two tiny tigers take two taxis to town.
Six slippery snails slid slowly seaward.
Five frantic frogs fled from fifty fierce fishes.
Five fat friars frying flat fish.
Eleven owls licked eleven, little, licorice lollipops.
A big bug bit the little beetle, but the little beetle bit the big bug back.
Black bug's blood.
Ten tame tadpoles tucked tightly into a thin tall tin.
Six sticky skeletons.
Friendly Frank flips fine flapjacks.
How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot?
Freshly-fried flying fish.
I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.
If a sledering snail went down a slippery slide, would it slide or would it sail?
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
The sun shines on the shop signs.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
A bloke's back bike brake block broke.
She saw a fisherman fishing, fish.
Satyam Prabesh Swaroop Nirdesh.
Silly Sally sells silver seashells by the seashore.
Rusty rockets rumbled rapidly into the red sky.
Betty's bunny bounced boldly beside the blueberry bushes.
Whimsical Wendy whistled while weaving woolen wonders.
Bobby's big brown bear bumbled beside the babbling brook.
The sneaky snake slithered silently through the sandy soil.
Dizzy Daisy danced delicately down the daisy-covered dale.
Marvelous Marvin marched merrily through the meadow.
Peppered penguins parade proudly past the polar peaks.
Frivolous Freddy frolicked freely in the frosty forest.
Giggling Greta gathered green grapes in the garden.
Tiny Tommy tiptoed timidly through the tall trees.
Prancing Polly primped and preened in the pretty pink palace.
Jolly Jack juggled juicy jumbo jellybeans joyfully.
Lively Lucy loved leaping lightly over the lazy lizard.
Wacky Willy whistled while washing his woolly white wolf.
Curious Clara chased colorful butterflies in the cool, crisp air.
Sleepy Sam snoozed soundly in the sleepy, sunlit shade.
Bouncy Benny bounced bravely beyond the broken bridge.
Happy Hannah hummed harmoniously while hiking through the hills.
Mellow Max munched on marmalade muffins in the misty morning.
Slinky Sally slithered silently through the slippery slope.
Daring Danny darted dangerously down the daunting descent.
Cheery Charlotte chirped cheerfully as she chased chirping crickets.
Fluttering Fiona flitted and floated among the fragrant flowers.
Rocky Rudy rode recklessly down the rugged ravine.
Jovial Jimmy juggled jingling jester jests joyously.
Silky Sarah sang sweetly to the shimmering stars above.
Dapper David danced daringly in the dazzling disco lights.
Merry Mia meandered merrily through the meadow of marigolds.
Zany Zoey zoomed zealously through zigzagging zephyrs.
Radiant Ruby ran rapidly 'round the rustling raspberry bushes.
Frolicking Freddy frolicked freely in the frothy, foamy waves.
Peculiar Peter picked pickled peppers in the peculiar purple patch.
Wandering Wendy wandered whimsically through the winding woods.
Giddy Greg giggled gleefully as he galloped through the grassy glen.
Melodic Molly made melodious music with her magical maracas.
Tipsy Timmy tiptoed tentatively through the tangled thicket.
Buzzing Betty buzzed busily beside the buzzing beehives.
Gleeful Gloria gleamed brightly as she gathered glowing gems.
Dreamy Dylan dreamed deeply beneath the dappled, dancing shadows.
If you'd like more, just let me know!